DOCS-3472: Getting Started with DevSecOps (#20463)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/devsecops/_index.md

---
title: Getting Started with the DevSecOps Bundles
kind: documentation
---

> This guide provides an introduction to the DevSecOps bundles with links to setup instructions to help you install and configure them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide introduces the DevSecOps bundles with links to setup instructions to help you install and configure them.
```

## APM DevSecOps

> The APM DevSecOps bundles combine application performance monitoring with the [Application Vulnerability Management][1] capabilities of [Application Security Management (ASM)][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The APM DevSecOps bundles combine Application Performance Monitoring (APM) with the [Application Vulnerability Management][1] capabilities of [Application Security Management (ASM)][2].
```

Reviewer: Does APM need a link here too?
